All right.
So now we are going to see how we can build this entire thing that you are seeing over here in the code
base.
So overall, the functionality that you are going to be seeing over here are something we have already
discussed in our earlier sections of this particular course.
So all the details that we are going to be talking are going to be something that we are going to be
extracting the informations from here that we have already discussed.
So I'm just going to probably just copy paste some of the code or like most of the code, except that
I'm going to create a tool for this particular rag alone.
And then we'll see how we can fuse them all together and make use of the code that we have already written.
So it's going to be just like a copy paste code for this particular section.
I'm not really going to write a lot of code this time, so please refer to the earlier section, because
if you don't really watch the earlier section, and if you jump directly in this particular section,
this section is not going to make any sense.
So I would recommend you please go and watch there first before watching this particular section.
Well that's it said I'm going to go to my Visual Studio Code and I have already created A notebook file
over here.
And I've also imported the, uh, the env file, uh, and the, uh, the model over here.
Amazing.
And now, as I told you, we have already, uh, did quite a lot of different operation over here.
So I'm just going to copy paste the code one by one.
So maybe the first tool that I wanted to import is going to be, uh, probably uh, yeah.
This guy.
So I'm going to go copy this entire thing and I'm going to go ahead and paste it.
Maybe we don't require the, uh, uh, the Wikipedia and the custom tool this time just for the simplicity
purpose.
I'll just keep it simple to use the playwright tool instead of these, uh, code that we have got.
Uh, so for the playwright code, maybe I'm going to go here and I'm going to go and copy these things,
and I'm going to add the probably markdown here playwright tool code, which is going to be these definitely
we need them.
And we also need the tool information from the playwright.
So I'm going to go copy that and I'm going to paste it over here.
I'm going to run this.
This is going to bring all the tools that the playwright tool has got.
We don't really need to run this part and this part.
And also we are going to invoke the agent at the last stage.
So we don't need that particular piece of code as well.
Cool.
And once we have the playwright tool we are then going to bring our rag information which is this guy,
the tool which is going to hold the Rag information.
So for doing the Rag operation, you remember we need to uh, we need to do embedding.
And we also need to do, uh, quite a lot of different operations.
So just go back to the rag file over here.
As you can see, we need to do the extraction of the PDF and we need to do the text splitting.
And then we need to do the embedding and then vector stores.
But guess what.
Instead of us doing this extraction of the PDF and just splitting it all together, if you remember,
we already actually stored the, uh, the, the database of the extracted, uh, database and splitted,
uh, data into the chroma underscore Langston DB, which is this guy, right?
So this is the database which has got all the different information.
So why not we just call this particular database directly instead of, again, uh, doing all these
different operations one by one because this is not going to be worth it if we're going to do it again.
So what I'm going to do is I'm probably not going to do the extracting the PDF file and doing the text
splitting.
Rather, we can just use the existing the Chrome chroma underscore lang database, which can make more
sense right.
So we can just probably do that.
So we also need this embedding part.
So we uh so I'm going to just copy this code, uh, that you are seeing over here because we're going
to use the same olama embedding with the model of lemma 3.2 latest model.
So I'm going to do that.
So I'm going to add the markdown over here.
And I'm going to say uh initialize uh vector and a retriever with uh embedding.
So this is the important part that we're going to do.
And we're going to add the embedding as the first thing this time.
And I'm going to add the code over here.
So this is the embedding part.
So I'm going to run that over here.
And once we have the embedding part the next part is going to be adding the uh chroma database.
And we also need to add a vector data store which is going to store the particular data from the chroma
database, which we'll be doing in our next lecture.
But hope you got the idea of how we are going to go around in this particular journey.